<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:az="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/comp">
    <h:head>
        <title>Agent Zero</title>

        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/Az/styles/main.css" />
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/Az/styles/home.css" />
        <style>
            #content-table td{
                width: 50%;
            }

        </style>
    </h:head>

    <h:body>
        <az:mainHeader/>
        <table id="content-table" width="100%" cellspacing="15px" cellpadding="0px">
            <tr>
                <td>
                    <az:introPan h1="Whats" h2="DCR?">
                        Distributed constraint reasoning is a framework for describing distributed combinatorial problems of Multi-Agent Systems (MAS). Problems are defined in terms of constraints between variables owned by agents. The agents search cooperatively for a global optimal solution by assigning values to their variables
                    </az:introPan>
                </td>

                <td>
                    <az:introPan h1="Whats" h2="AgentZero?">
                        an easy to use, extendible MAS programming framework, execution environment and research tool which specializes on DCR algorithms. AgentZero is designed to be a one stop shop for DCR researchers, a tool that will escort the researcher during every step of his/her algorithmic research.
                    </az:introPan>
                </td>
            </tr>

            <tr>
                <td>
                    <az:introPan h1="Whats" h2="Distributed CSP?">
                        Distributed CSPs, are composed of a set of variables which are distributed among agents. The variables are connected by constraints which define the constraints network among the agents. As a result, the search algorithm for solving these problems is a distributed algorithm. The algorithm is run by agents that communicate by sending and receiving messages. In general, messages contain information about assignments of values to variables and refutations of assignments, by agents that have no compatible assignment, to their own variables.
                    </az:introPan>
                </td>

                <td>
                    <az:introPan h1="Learn" h2="more">
                        To learn more about DCR, you can visit the DCR BGU team <a href="http://www.cs.bgu.ac.il/~dcr/">website</a>. 
                        
                    </az:introPan>
                </td>
            </tr>
        </table>

    </h:body>
</html>

